=head1 NAME

Sys::VolumeGroups::Roadmap - high level to do list and targetted goals

=head1 SYNOPSIS

This page provides a high level overview about the future extensions of
the Sys::VolumeGroups module and the improvements of the module itself.

=head1 EXTENSIONS

=head2 More Targets

Sys::VolumeGroups needs support for a wider range of platforms and volume
managers as Veritas, SunLVM, FreeBSD's gvinum, NetBSD's CCD or RAIDframe,
Filesystems with integrated LVM (ZFS, btrfs), HP-UX should
use something own and so on.

=head2 More Information

Where feasible, additional information like local or remote disks (where
is the mirror) from SAN systems like IBM DS8000 or HP Storage Works, should
be provided.

=head1 RESOURCES AND CONTRIBUTIONS

There're several ways how you can help to support future development: You
can hire the author to implement the features you require at most (this
also defines priorities), you can negotiate a support and maintenance
contract with the company of the author and you can provide tests and
patches. Further, you can submit documentation and links to resources to
improve or add volume group managers or grant remote access to machines
with insufficient supported volume managers, file systems with volume
manager capabilities or storage systems.

=head1 AUTHOR

Jens Rehsack, C<< <rehsack at cpan.org> >>

=head1 LICENSE AND COPYRIGHT

Copyright 2010 Jens Rehsack.

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of either: the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; or the Artistic License.

See http://dev.perl.org/licenses/ for more information.

=cut
